
Today is not one of my best days. I woke up late at around 11:45 AM and started trying on jeans that my mom bought for me.  I ended up getting to work at 1:00 PM, which was when I was alerted that I had received an email from Google, explaining that I was still in consideration for an open role. 

Thinking about my abysmal performance on my previous coding interview, I know that I have to lock in these next few weeks to prepare. So, after I finish the main dashboard for this vault, I will switch my project focus onto Google Interview Prep (Heavy LeetCode). 

I did use the recorded grill-me session from the previous day to configure the /daily-plan skill. However, currently the skill defaults to prioritizing goals from backlogs such as the *Iteration Logs* rather than prompting the agent to form original goals.

I want the agent to formulate two original daily goals for me based on a project-specific longer-term goal, as well as include 2 or 3 items from the backlog. During the development test of /daily-plan, the original plan of creating a central vault dashboard was ingenious. So, letting the agent create plans is definitely worth it in my opinion. (DONE)

Doing that right now. Finished.

All that's left is the /record-progress skill, which I will do tomorrow.



### Progress on Daily Goals

#### Theme Separators (DONE)
I believe the styles currently configured for code snippet styling and theme separators are visually helpful enough for the time being. 

---

But, I figured out how to customize my horizontal rules (line separators) using CSS snippets.
To do this, make sure to Open **Settings** -> **Appearances**.
* Find the **CSS Snippets** section, which should list all of the CSS files inside *.obsidian/*snippets/
* Click enable to run the CSS code.

---

#### Daily Progress Skill

