
### Reading: *Poor Charlie's Almanack*


#### Summary: 
I am introduced to Charlie Munger, Warren Buffet's right hand man, an exceptional polymath with encyclopedic knowledge of affairs ranging from ancient civilizations to pop culture. He is highly praised for his interconnected, yet simple to understand mental models he uses to guide his decisions, as well as his mastery in presenting these models and his other ideas. According to many in his life, he is the closest man to a "modern day Benjamin Franklin," whom he idolizes. 
<u>Pages 1-14</u>



#### Unfamiliar Terms

**Social Security Act:** A foundational U.S. federal law signed by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on August 14, 1935. It established a comprehensive system of benefits -- including old-age insurance, unemployment compensation, and aid to disadvantaged or disabled individuals -- creating the bedrock of the American social safety net, and American socialism.

The Social Security imperative is primarily funded through **the Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA)** or **Self-Employed Contributions Act (SECA)** payroll taxes. 
* Employees anrd employers each pay 6.2% of wages (12.4% for self-employed individuals)
* 
* 
* 

**FICA:** Passed in 1935 as part of the **Social Security Act** by Franklin D. Roosevelt, this legislation formally took its name in 1939 when Congress decided to refer to the tax provisions that funded Social Security as the Federal Insurance Contributions Act.


**Stentorian Admonishment:** is a loud, booming, and authoritative reprimand.