# Cookies Secure Field
Safari does not clear cookies on reload, which is the same as Chrome. But Safari is more aggressive in a few specific scenarios:

**Where Safari Differs:**
* **Private browsing** - Safari blocks `localStorage` and `IndexedDB`entirely (throws an exception), while Chrome just isolates them. This means the Firebase client SDK does not retain state in Safari.
* **ITP (Intelligent  Tracking Prevention)** - Safari can purge `localStorage` for domains with no user interaction after 7 days.
* 
* **Safari is almost certainly dropping cookies set with `secure: true` on `localhost` (not HTTPS).** Safari enforces `Secure` more strictly than Chrome. 

* 
* 

# Missing Global.css
I am missing *global.css* and *postcss.config* for some reason in my root project directory on github. This causes the `import ./global.css` to throw an exception. 

**IMPORTANT:** Normally, `global.css` and `postcss.config.js` are supposed to be generated by `npx create-next-app`. 

**Solution:** Create `./global.css` in the root `doculyze` folder. Since the application uses Tailwind v4, the `global.css` file jsut needs to contain
```typescript
@import "tailwindcss";
```

**PostCSS** is a tool that transforms CSS using Javascript plugins. It's not a preprocessor like Sass - it's more of a pipeline that runs my CSS through a series of plugins before the browser sees it.

`postcss.config.js` is the config file that tells PostCSS which plugins to run. In my case:
```typescript
module.exports = {
	plugins: {
		'@tailwindcss/postcss': {},
	},
};
```
This tells PostCSS: "when you process any CSS file, run it through the Tailwind plugin." That plugin reads my `global.css` (`@import "tailwindcss"`), scans my source files for Tailwind class usage, and generates the final CSS with the classes I use.



# 

# Nested Divs
A <div> element or Component cannot be placed outside of the <body> tag.
The only permitted direct children of an <html> tag are <head> and<body>.

When I placed my <Header> component inside the <RootLayout>, I accidentally placed it underneath <html> and above <head>.

Furthermore, I found out that placing <Header> beneath `{children}` causes my header to become a footer. So, the solution was to place <Header> on top of children inside <body>.

<html>
	<head>
		<body>
			<Header></Header>
			{children}
		</body>
	</head>
</html>
